README.md, before:

## backtrader_addons 0.4.5

Set of add-ons for [backtrader](http://www.backtrader.com) - Python trading strategy backtesting library.

### Content

- trade_list analyzer [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Trade-list-analyzer)
- Alphavantage adjusted daily time series CSV data feed aka `AlphavantageCSVData` [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Alphavantage-CSV-data-feed)
- Dividends indicator for AlphavantageCSVData [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Dividend-indicator-for-Alphavantage-data-feed)
- Splits indicator for AlphavantageCSVData [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Split-indicator-for-Alphavantage-data-feed)
- Split-only adjusted close indicator for AlphavantageCSVData [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Adjusted-close-price-indicator-for-Alphavantage-data-feed)

### Installation

From github repo:

`pip install git+https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons.git`

### Version numbering

A.B.C

- A - major version number: conceptual changes
- B - minor version number: increased every time the code modified due to any reasons (bug fixed, refactoring, components added etc).
- C - number of components included

### Authors

- ab-trader

### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

three observers related to drawdowns measurement are added

README.md, after:

## backtrader_addons 0.8.8

Set of add-ons for [backtrader](http://www.backtrader.com) - Python trading strategy backtesting library.

### Content

- modified observers related to drawdowns - drawdown in % and in $ as well as drawdown length
- trade_list analyzer [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Trade-list-analyzer)
- Alphavantage adjusted daily time series CSV data feed aka `AlphavantageCSVData` [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Alphavantage-CSV-data-feed)
- Dividends indicator for AlphavantageCSVData [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Dividend-indicator-for-Alphavantage-data-feed)
- Splits indicator for AlphavantageCSVData [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Split-indicator-for-Alphavantage-data-feed)
- Split-only adjusted close indicator for AlphavantageCSVData [wiki](https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons/wiki/Adjusted-close-price-indicator-for-Alphavantage-data-feed)

### Installation

From github repo:

`pip install git+https://github.com/ab-trader/backtrader_addons.git`

### Version numbering

A.B.C

- A - major version number: conceptual changes
- B - minor version number: increased every time the code modified due to any reasons (bug fixed, refactoring, components added etc).
- C - number of components included

### Authors

- ab-trader

### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
